welcome to an artist alley interview
yourself and the people watching at home
do you introduce yourself to the
audience and let us know what you do my
name is Rachel hook I've been defending
her around 12 years here nylons make
custom jewelry too I got open blade
right here I also do no hats which
already so this is up miss Austin
example of one might milk tonight we
will my commission so I measure around
here has and I also do cranston arbor
which is are coming what about
recognizing fantastic do you do a lot of
different art you've got like beauty
you've got helms you've got jewelry
again so would you say that you're just
sounded like a practicing maker like
youjizz our mortgage creating some
crafter or yeah I'm a cracker actually
my background is in animation okay
though i would charge to my bachelor's
in education so one of the reasons why
i'm coming here is also to impress upon
hasbro that i would really be interested
in working for them someday alright well
yeah the best way to show someone what
your acting is put out in a ray of work
that's right so i guess we'll start off
with just you know the 2d side of things
when you're working on on 2d art like
the we can do it poster be an easy
example you just kind of run with an
inspiration and just do do you go full
out like one go just died yeah i tend to
get all my pieces done in one sitting so
i tend to work on him I'm one of those
artists that cannot stop like once I
start something I'll be sitting there
for hours on end to work and complete it
I am very passionate about transformers
are yeah I really want to make it look
beautiful and colorful I like using a
lot of color in my artwork I like to
stylize things too I could knock out
he's got his saw blades in the
background everything like that so I do
a lot of fan work because of my passion
for transformers yeah and coming from
animation so you're uh you've gone to
school for animation you're coming from
that end of things does it give you a
different kind of appreciation for like
the media that we take in with this oh
definitely definitely because I went to
school I worked with a lot of the
programs that they used to put out
things like prime and animated like for
example like My Little Ponies is done
with flash animation yes a program that
I learned in school too so he really
gives you appreciation when you know
just how much work goes into it and it
has involved in it and like for example
prime is so fantastically made and it's
amazing what they've done with a TV show
yeah it's the production involved in the
work involved in a show like that it's
intense well you notice things like the
emotion the characters faces the the I
animation in that show really caught me
when I was watching the first couple
seasons um absolutely their character
animators are amazing they're like we
like to call the character animators the
movie stars of the animation world there
they have the jobs that everybody want
every animator wants and I'm like I look
at the rig's not to mention the modelers
who have modeled these rigs in animated
the parts the rigging on and the
controllers to move
it is complex example Predaking
Predaking is a really good example of
just how complex that show is yeah I
think I remember the concept artist when
they told him i read in the prime book
when they told him to go crazy he went
crazy and the animators and the rig and
the modelers and rigor saw and they went
oh so taking that into consideration
like knowing how the animated models you
know operate in that world does that
translate to some of the helm work you
do like really does that stuff together
like like bearing in mind where I lines
are going to be how it's going to move
on a neck I do a lot of measuring it is
a little technical but I have gotten to
the point where I tend to I it more yeah
um but it's like working in your X Y Z
parameters in like a 3d programming like
you see these guys who didn't do the
shape ways I think its shape ways I the
3d printed so yes you see them they
model that first in their 3d programs
and then they have it 3d printed in my
mind when I work on helm hats it's much
the same thing only it's in a physical
aspect yeah so it's like it's sculpting
really it's as type of sculpting and
with your Helms like what kind of
materials do you use to put that stuff
together um well I fuse the phone
together with a with a glue so they do
not come undone they are made of craft
foam so I by craft foam sheets they're
flat so what I do is I draw my patterns
and I usually build like a pattern first
and then I take that pattern and I use
it to make the final hat okay so it's
it's a step process and i also get
examples while i'm working on the Hat
building my pattern i'm always looking
back and forth at the pictures from
different angles so that way i try to
get it as accurate as possible okay
character and so I see like really
clearly the motivations that leads you
to do art in the 2d medium as well as a
helm physical medium so with the the
jewelry side of what you're putting
together what what does that come from
is that just you like but like I do you
have a story about that okay well I used
to be
partment head at hobby lobby so I had to
learn how to make jewelry so I could
answer questions for customers so I no
longer work there anymore but i have
taken with me that knowledge yeah so I
thought to myself you know there's not
enough merchandise geared out there for
women transport fandom I thought to
myself why not why not make some jewelry
for the girls uh it's cool to see
something outside of just t-shirts too
yeah nothing's wrong with t-shirts but
that's the goat I don't see much jewelry
out there I see necklaces and stuff but
I don't see bracelets already or
earrings as much yes um some other stuff
that's out there but I just wanted to
really give you know some bling and some
flair to the girls side of the fandom
and do you find have you have you
dabbled in the the etsy marketplace with
any of this stuff I do actually have an
etsy it's called the artsy AR AR T Z and
are I've been there for a but little a
little short of a year now I've been
doing pretty good on there I was gonna
ask how etsy is just for you know
someone who goes into the students
fasting I love it it's very convenient
for both the seller and the buyer um I
mean they're very reasonable too if you
want to start your own Etsy yeah that's
great um is there anything else here
that I've missed so far we've got we've
got to do we've got Helms we've got
jewelry I am doing a raffle right now
for windblade oh right here this is a
full-on yes the wind blade helm hat the
only other person who has one is Martin
Mary grid herself um she's probably
walking around with it right now so if I
want to beat her to win blade cosplay
get in on this raffle and maybe I could
like wall she think she's the only one
with the head start right head start I
didn't even think of it this is very
nice pun I tend to like puns because I
costume his knockout
so I can dig it well thanks very much
for your time you've already dropped
your etsy site is there any other
website folks can check you out I see
Rachel calm alrighty um a rtz said in
canada yeah but is right there already
this is a powerful lock in pull focus
shot we're doing here but yeah you guys
feel free to visit and i take
commissions on everything so great well
thanks for your time and have a good
time here bucko thank you have a good
one